C++: Static variables are initialized to zero or null by compiler (#20129)
github/codeql: cpp/ql/src/change-notes/2025-07-27-avoid-reporting-static-global-variable.md

---
category: minorAnalysis
---

> * The "GlobalVariable not initialized" query (`cpp/not-initialised`) no longer reports an alert on static global variables that has no dereference.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The "Initialization code not run" query (`cpp/initialization-not-run`) no longer reports an alert on static global variables that has no dereference.
```

Reviewer: The change note is still talking about the wrong query.
